SNU developer log Week 57
SNU developer log day 393

I created another small update today, getting an idea out, doing the usual documentation, and updating the browser sniffing scheme. I added support for 2 new browsers: the Android Stock Browser and Pale Moon.

I might not do as much this weekend, as I have a lot planned other than website development. I am throttling how much I add at the moment, so I can keep the ball rolling. Today was a decent day for site development.

Sean Patrick Myrick on February 27th 2020
SNU developer log day 394

I had a shorter day with development today. I did more research, and got preparations ready for tomorrow. I still have a lot planned this weekend, so these items I put for tomorrow may last all weekend. Lately, I have been putting comments on things for the next day ahead, so for example, on Sunday, I can plan on what to do for Monday.

Today, I worked on the usual documenation (update log, developer log, version history) along with an update to the BrowserNose homepage and repositories, and the debranded page index. I made separate versions of Sourcebase (1.0 to 1.12, HTML) to have no references to SNU branding.

The update log surpassed 41500 lines of code today, it is the most advanced page on this site still. I am unsure when it would be big enough to slow down my IDE. It currently hangs when typing tags sometimes.

Today was a decent day for development. Tomorrow, I plan on visiting my friend Michael at 4:00 pm, and other plans for the weekend include a hard drive backup, and the things I normally do.

Sean Patrick Myrick on February 28th 2020
SNU developer log day 395

I worked on another update today, and had a little more time to do so. My friend Michael wasn't available today, so I didn't go see him. Today, I am working with a new goal, which is to make separate update log and developer log entries again. This time, I feel that I can keep up with it.

Along with this, I added browser sniffing support for SeaMonkey and Microsoft Edge, did the normal general documentation, updated the ideaboard, and created a page for leap day.

Without the extra time I had today, I would not have been able to finish the update. I had a lot of downtime today to relax.

Sean Patrick Myrick on February 29th 2020
SNU developer log day 396

I had a difficult day today, and a little bit of a difficult weekend. I wasn't able to get any special tasks done, other than what I normally do. I was going to try and back up my hard drive today, but I decided that my laptop still has enough space (170 Gigabytes of 1 TeraByte) so I held it off. I had little time to work on the site today originally, but I had to take out the rest of my major opportunities to relax, so I could get something done, and still wake up on time for school tomorrow.

Today, I worked on a basic documentation update, with the new separate blog system, an update to the ideaboard, an update to the browser nose project, and an update to the HTML Test reference system. I have school again tomorrow, and I want to continue daily site updates. Today was a decent day for site development.

Sean Patrick Myrick on March 1st 2020
SNU developer log day 397

I woke up early today, and got more done before school. It feels good waking up early again, and I hope I can continue to do so. Today, I worked on some planned features from yesterday, such as an ideaboard update, update to blog pages, a new license, and browser sniffing scripts, along with the usual general documentation.

I am really proud of the new document system. I also came up with an idea for the ideaboard for today and tomorrow again. With the amount of commits related to document exporting, the commit numbers will seem a lot higher from now on, and this will be a normal thing.

Sean Patrick Myrick on March 2nd 2020
SNU developer log day 398

I stayed home today since my whole family called in sick. I slept in a bit, and had more time to relax, and didn't work on SNU as much. Today I did a general update. For the update log, I am changing the usual syntax again to better suite exported documents. I also added snapshots 501 to 600 to the update log snapshot section.

Along with documentation, today I also worked on a SourceBase update, a set of protest tools for the site manager of a SNU distribution to protest world events, and an update to the ideaboard. I was a little tense while working today, and I had some issues getting to work on my first 2 attempts, but I did well on the 3rd attempt. I am unsure what tomorrow will be like.

I left the protest toolkit part unfinished today. I also noticed that I have been using the wrong version of Sourcebase for new pages for a while now. I hope I can do better tomorrow.

Sean Patrick Myrick on March 3rd 2020
SNU developer log day 399

I had issues with being tense again today. I didn't have to go to school again today, and I took another day off. Today, I did less commits than yesterday, but more work was put into the 24 commits. I worked on an about/credits page, documentation, a new web device manager, and 2 browser sniffing script updates. I also decided to fix the misspell of "entry" in the page/filename of the update log entries from March 4th onward.

I have began planning on April Fools jokes for this year, I came up with another idea based on something I found on GitHub (From r/programmerhumor) this years april fools joke will actually be comedic, and have effort put in, there will be 2 difficulties for it: average computer user, and slightly above average computer user comprehension. This is just the comprehension level.

Sean Patrick Myrick on March 4th 2020