SNU developer log Week 58
SNU developer log day 400

I didn't have too many unique plans for today. Today, I focused mainly on a browser sniffing script update, with the usual documentation, and I also began planning the April Fools jokes for this year. A lot of progress was made in the field of SNU Browser sniffing today, with support for over a dozen new browsers.

I had an orientation at the Humane Society today, we went an hour early, thinking it was at 4:00 pm, when it was actually at 5:00 pm. It significantly slowed me down afterwards, and I struggled to produce the update that I was planning comfortably. Browser sniffing planning is getting really advanced now.

Sean Patrick Myrick on March 5th 2020
SNU developer log day 401

I was really stressed out with time limits when finalizing last nights update. I made it a lot easier for myself today because of this. Today, I worked on a normal documentation update, with some improvements to BrowserNose.

I ended up being overloaded with tasks again tonight, as I underestimated how much I needed to do. It is now the weekend, and I plan on going to my friend Michaels house tomorrow. I have some very small plans for tomorrow as a break for the past 2 stressful days.

Sean Patrick Myrick on March 6th 2020
SNU developer log day 402

I was going to do some volunteering this morning, but I slept in too late. Last night, I worked hard for hours on the website, but was not able to get everything done by 10:04 pm. The only thing that was left out yesterday was an update to the Firefox browser sniffing script. Today, I will visit my friend Michael at 4:00 pm, so I have to get some development done beforehand again.

I stumbled across some things I forgot to do, such as create a Brave browser sniffing script, and snapshot the Week 57 blog on the same day of creation. I corrected those issues today, and I also worked on the usual documentation, and another major BrowserNose update, with new graphics and documentation. Today was a decent day for development, I took it easier today.

Testing for browser sniffing scripts has stopped on the Update log for now, and is being continued on the BrowserNose homepage.

Sean Patrick Myrick on March 7th 2020
SNU developer log day 403

I didn't do as much with development today. Window 10 has been a pain for me lately, I have to suffer with it for years as it gets worse and worse. I hope to switch to Linux when possible. Today, I have had excessively high CPU usage (50-80% at all times) from system processes that don't need to be running. It has drained my battery significantly, and wasted a lot of my time. It didn't let me do as much.

Today, I did some tweaks to the sites browser sniffing functions, along with the homepage. I also did some slightly above average documentation improvements. I go back to school again tomorrow, and I really hope battery doesn't prove to be an issue again.

I plan on doing new things again tomorrow. The time skipped forward by an hour today, so I lost an hour of development time as well. I really don't know why daylight savings time is still a thing.

Sean Patrick Myrick on March 8th 2020
SNU developer log day 404

I started school again today, and I made an update plan for today. Today, I will be updating older articles (March 6th 2020) as I am now converting update log and developer log articles in 4 new formats (DOC, DOCX, UOT, RTF) my CPU usage is still an issue, but it isn't as bad at school.

Along with documentation and exported files, today I worked on pages for new settings for video players, and the instant functionality of things. I also began work on a new disease research center, which can be used to research and learn about current and older diseases, including the COVID-19 (CoronaVirus) pandemic.

Sean Patrick Myrick on March 9th 2020
SNU developer log day 405

I had a very short development day today, despite having 61 commits, not much was done. This is due to how many documents got exported. I am trying to learn to cope with my new CPU issues, I am really hoping this isn't a permanent thing and will go away soon, as it is making it really hard for me, and there is no fix for several months.

Today, I worked on massive document exporting again (massive as in, there were over 20 commits related to document exports alone) and I worked on a small BrowserNose, and disease center update. Small amounts of documentation were made as well, and that was it. Today wasn't a very good day for development. My laptop has a massive issue monthly, sometimes it stays, sometimes it goes. By the way it currently looks, it looks like this issue is going to stay, and I might have to learn to readjust my entire schedule to get used to it. I hate Windows 10 more and more every day.

Sean Patrick Myrick on March 10th 2020
SNU developer log day 406

I am starting to get used to the laptop CPU issue, but it has affected my website development due to time loss and distraction. Today, I didn't do much again, I had less time to develop today, and I just made a few minor changes.

Today, I worked on site settings, improved documentation, and disease research. Nothing else was done today. I have been lacking lately, mostly due to the new CPU issue, but also because of a minor cold. Development should pick back up again soon.

I have plans for the weekend, but school day updates may be a lot smaller. I am actively working on finding a new laptop so that I can have a more functional laptop that runs Linux. If necessary, SNU may need to be rewritten to support Ubuntu/Fedora, the 2 distros I have chosen as candidates to switch to. I really hope it doesn't come to that, as that would take a lot of time to rewrite.

Sean Patrick Myrick on March 11th 2020