SNU developer log Week 63
SNU developer log day 435

I am breaking my 10-11 hour sleep cycle. I got less than 8 hours of sleep last night for once. It is still Spring Break for me, so I don't have to do online work yet. Today, I had a lot of freetime, and I didn't get to website work until later on, but I did some important changes, such as beginning to remove comments from the update log. I cleared over 0.10 Megabytes of comments from just April of this year, and I intend to clear out all of March 2020 tomorrow, which will clear up at least 0.16 Megabytes of space. This may not seem like too much, but it is important, and it adds up, considering the update log page alone has been over 3 megabytes in size for a while. Comments will still remain in older versions, and on update log separate entry pages.

Today, I continued work on the Valve Internet Museum page. I have been working especially hard on this page to get it just right, and I have had an additional 3 days now where I came up with more things to do. I also did important work on documentation today, adding in the commit count for April, since the comments are gone, it is more comfortable to do so. I will do the same for March when I clear the comments up. I also updated my article on COVID-19, as it is completely different now, compared to when I started it on March 11th 2020. Finally, I worked on the SNU Committee, this area has rarely been updated, and I had some important documentation regarding development to go there. Today was a good day for development.

My brother-in-law, Channa, still hasn't checked out the BSoD project, despite saying he would get to it yesterday. I will give him as much time as he needs, as he has been really busy doing important work on Microsoft's Internet system to make it handle the traffic boost caused by the COVID-19 pandemic.

Sean Patrick Myrick on April 9th 2020
SNU developer log day 436

I have been preparing SNU for public collaboration today. I had a lot of time, but I spent a lot of it on other projects, and break time. I didn't have as much I wanted to do today. Today, I did another documentation update, removing over 0.36 Megabytes of comment data from the update log for the entirety of March 2020 and yesterday to save space, as older snapshots, and separate blog pages already have the comments, and that is just enough. I also worked on the Committee system, so I could further plan the development of the site, and finally, I worked on another update to the OOVID-19 disease research page.

Today was a short development day, I have to do some more adjustments to my schedule, as Spring Break is over after Sunday, and I have to get to online school work again. There is also another personal project completing soon, and it might affect my schedule a bit. I want to lay down development guidelines for SNU, so that it can be managed correctly, and so I can finally get it out and begin the project globally. It will still be a while until I do that, but I am still preparing. Today was a decent day for development. I have lots of new plans now as well for what to do next.

SNU 3.06 has passed 3000 commits today, making it the version with the most commits done in 6 months, this is mainly due to document export commits. A count was done for March 2020 commits, where there were 1131 commits, making it the most commits in a month, the same month document exports were done daily. This is the main reason for this high number. The new monthly average for commits is now set to 1100 for a decent month.

Sean Patrick Myrick on April 10th 2020
SNU developer log day 437

I am starting to prioritize the COVID-19 disease research center page more, and with a plan I came up with to get a categorized set of data from every day of the pandemic, I am going to need lots of volunteer work in the future to accomplish this, and a lot of work now. It was a priority today, and it took a while to edit. Along with this page update, I did the usual documentation updates, and created and updated pages of the SNU Committee about graphics, and greylisted developers.

I have plans to go back to Internet Museum development again, and also a plan to create separate entry pages for the update log and develper log down to November 2019, so that there is a separate copy available for all those dates, and so I can remove all the extra comments from the comment era that are plaguing the size of the update log (but not the developer log, it is doing fine) today was a short development day, I hope I can do more tomorrow.

Sean Patrick Myrick on April 11th 2020
SNU developer log day 438

I took an extra hour off today, so I could spend more time with my family. I did update the site, I had a lot more planned, but I couldn't get to everything. I updated documentation, and tested WebVTT. Unfortunately, the video issue is fixed, but now subtitles don't work due to a "security" issue. I will need to do more research on this. Along with this, I continued to update the Greylist, and the COVID-19 disease research article.

I was planning on doing an Internet Museum update today as well, but I decided it was best not to, so I could have more time for other projects. I wouldn't have the time for it today anyway. My next goal with it is to make video pages for all videos. I also planned syntax updates to each page. I had a short day for development, not much was done. I should have more time tomorrow.

Sean Patrick Myrick on April 12th 2020
SNU developer log day 439

I had a successful day with development. I accomplished many small tasks, but failed on some. I did a small update to the Greylist to fix a major loophole for companies that I haven't added to the list. I also updated the privacy initiative homepage to include support for new articles, a mission section, and a new Favicon. I did documentation (as usual) and I also did a cluster of updates to the SNU Internet Museum, getting 4 pages up-to-date, and creating 4 new separate video pages. One of the 2 things I failed on today, was getting the official SNU video player to have support for Subtitles (just for the labels to show up) but I wasn't even able to accomplish that. Also, In the end, I didn't have enough time to make a proper update to the COVID-19 article.

For the subtitle issue, I am hoping it doesn't take me another month or longer to find out why the dropdown isn't showing up in the video player. I have some work to do to the subtitles, a well as adding new ones. I am also going to produce a better test video. I didn't receive that much online work today, and development went smoothly. I was able to get some work done, making it a decent day for development.

Sean Patrick Myrick on April 13th 2020
SNU developer log day 440

I had a bad day today, and I wasn't able to do as much as I wanted. It feels like the school is making a bomb threat at me, they have only given me 2 assignments this week, and during Spring Break, they made a phone call, saying if I didn't get online and do work, I wouldn't graduate, even though there was no new work that week. I also had horrible focusing issues, only getting to work on my website past 3:30 pm (despite waking up much earlier) just like the slightly distant unproductive era, which I do not want to go through again.

Today, I didn't have time to work on the COVID-19 article, or make a full Internet Museum update like I wanted, but I did produce a major feature: which is the SNU Internet Front, a movement to protect the Internet. I will be working alongside Mozilla, EFF (Electronic Frontiers Foundation), and other organizations that support Internet rights. I did the usual documentation changes, and made a small to the SNU Internet Museum, and a captions update for the SNU video player. Today wasn't the best day for development, I hope I can improve.

Sean Patrick Myrick on April 14th 2020
SNU developer log day 441

I didn't feel like doing too much with SNU today. I have other projects to work on, including schoolwork, and I want to put more effort into a single SNU feature today, rather than ahve many features. Today, I did documentation updates, and also worked on addressing a privacy issue with the White, Black, and Greylist system. But today, I mostly focused on improving the SNU video player. I finally found the source src of the issue of why the subtitles won't show up (the button) I was missing a src attribute after the original source tag. I still have to figure out how to address the caption security issue first before they can even show up, and I need to figure out how to apply a scrollbar to it, so that subtitles are visible.

I am getting ready to start working on more projects for SNU, but I still need to also find time for personal and life projects. The site has had a slow development rate for a while, but significant changes are being made to the foundation and government. The site is still far from ready, and I am getting it prepared for public demonstration. Today was a decent day for development, mostly for the video player.

Sean Patrick Myrick on April 15th 2020