SNU developer log week 3
SNU 3.0 Developer log day 15
I have now reached the point with this site where it is as functional as SNU 1. I can legitimately say I am browsing SNU. However, this is just the structure. The fun part comes later. However, I haven't outperformed the original SNU yet, however some of its content is finally over to the new site
Today, I worked on making alternates to the rich formatting versions of specific pages, increasing documentation, and working on blogs. I got a lot done again today as well. I also updated the site to version 3.04 and added Big Buck Bunny content in. Since I added over 10 gigabytes today, I have decided I will follow a new update schedule:
I will continue working on the site daily, but I can't make an entirely new version all the time. I can only make a new version every 4 months. This is to conserve the last 490 Gigabytes on my laptops hard drive. This is the way it will be until I get a new computer or a better spot for memory
It's valentines day today btw
Sean Patrick Myrick on February 14th 2019
SNU 3.0 Developer log day 16
Today was a pretty good day in development. I was able to do a lot. I added a home page for the game Façade, and I actually made a working update log that is up to date. I got burnt out really bad at the end, hopefully tomorrow is better
There are just so many files, it is getting hard to manage, and folder switching is difficult too due to HTML limitations
I got a temporary burn-out on the project for the first time in 4 days, I just need a small break
Sean Patrick Myrick on February 15th 2019
SNU 3.0 Developer log day 17
After some research, I decided that I need to put a little less focus on customizing menus and such and work on making the foundation for a good algorithm. There are lots of variables and conditions that go into the SNU algorithm, and it is going to take YEARS to implemeent
I am really hoping I don't have to make another re-write, 3 versions is already alot. It took Microsoft 3 tries for Windows, and they got it on the third try. I haven't been as lucky yet, however none of my projects have been publically released
SNU 3 has a chance, maybe even SNU 1 if Google can give me my website back already. It just won't let me download it
Sean Patrick Myrick on February 16th 2019
SNU 3.0 Developer log day 18
I am really happy with the complete makeover of the start page yesterday. It looks great. Today, I re-implemented some older SNU features such as gilding, achievements, and leveling up. I also did a little maintenance to the Valve legends page
I have finally started taking snapshots of separate files on these builds. I should have done this sooner. Now I can make updates to pages separately without copying over the entire directory, which is over 15 gigabytes, and that is not an option anymore due to the space required for frequent backups
Snapshots are now another new way to view older versions of a page, while keeping the modern page in-tact
I went to test Google sites downloading again today. I downloaded the old, old SNU, but not the version 1. Still waiting on that. At least we have SNU 0.1 now
Sean Patrick Myrick on February 17th 2019
SNU 3.0 Developer log day 19
Not much of an update today. Today is the last day of my 6 day break. I added a few features such as the cookie jar, and upload center
There is now full access to SNU 0 but it doesn't feel like much. Just a bunch of extra HTML work for nothing. Hopefully people enjoy it
I was going to make a tribute to Pie-Pivot-o, a YouTuber who died a couple days ago due to suicide, but I just didn't have the time
I updated the HTML references so that they easier for me and other developers to access. There is now a 2 way system to the resources and it works pretty well
Sean Patrick Myrick on February 18th 2019
SNU 3.0 Developer log day 20
Pretty slow development day today. I have been working on an HTML reference document collection so I can choose page colors easier. It is a big and unique index with lots of beautiful and exciting colors.
Other than that, not much else was done to the site today. I updated the update log, and worked a little on the blog section but that is pretty much it.
Sean Patrick Myrick on February 19th 2019
SNU 3.0 Developer log day 21
I had the day off from school today, since it wouldn't be worth going in only to have 20 minute classes. 2 Hour delays on a Wednesday shortened schedule is a no
I was going to try and add content to this site today and make a huge update, but instead, I got distracted with a big video project, schoolwork, and some time on YouTube and reddit
However, I was able to start making the tribute to a recent YouTuber who died, Pie Pivot-o.
Unfortunately, I wasn't able to do much today
Sean Patrick Myrick on February 20th 2019