SNU 3.0 Developer log Week 2
SNU 3.0 Developer log day 8
Today is the first day of the second week of development. Honestly, I think these burnout periods I am experiencing are actually helpful, as it spans out more time for me to implent and think of new ideas and ways to shape SNU into the way I want it to be
This is just the very tip of the iceberg, but this site has so much potential
Today, I worked on hyperlinks through multiple files and setting up "index bases" in the SNU 2 folders so SNU 3 can have easy access to the legacy version
Sean Patrick Myrick on February 7th 2019
SNU 3.0 Developer log day 9
Today, I worked on the connection between SNU 2 and SNU 3. I didn't do anything else
Sean Patrick Myrick on February 8th 2019
SNU 3.0 Developer log day 10
Today, I finished up the script file connection for SNU 2 between SNU 3. I also began to work on a new feature called "legends of the internet"
It is a series that goes over revolutionary content on the internet that made an impact
Sean Patrick Myrick on February 9th 2019
SNU 3.0 Developer log day 11
I haven't been updating the rest account lately. Today, I added in the Febuary 8th, 9th, and 10th days in the blog. I also put more work into the legends of the internet project, and made a new Terms Of Service that is more updated/p>
I took a break for the rest of the day afterwards
Sean Patrick Myrick on February 10th 2019
SNU 3.0 Developer log day 12
I have began to add Blender into legends of the internet because who said I had to stop after social media? This is for all internet content
Today, I have also resumed development on my calculator, so website development may be a little slower. I am not getting burnt out as easily anymore either
I also updated the blog documentation and exported all documents into different formats from Day 7 to Day 11, and Week 1 as well
Sean Patrick Myrick on February 11th 2019
SNU 3.0 Developer log day 13
I didn't do that much work to this site today. I exported documents and caught up the documentation, but mostly, I worked on restoring my calculator today. However, I added in some new features to the site, such as a 4chan section in Legends Of the Internet. It has a dark but interesting past
I am only including the famous pranks and raids. Hopefully, I can get something better done here tomorrow
Sean Patrick Myrick on February 12th 2019
SNU 3.0 Developer log day 14
I had a pretty productive day today. I got alot done in all my projects. I have been mainly working on documetation. I finished up current 4Chan documentation with the resources I currently had, and I also worked on Twitter, FaceBook, and Tumblr
So if you noticed with build 3.03 I have been relying heavily on Internet Historian for a lot of documentation. It is one of the easiest resources I have access to, and he does a good job at it. In the future, I will showcase other people
I also added a little bit of reddit and Vinesauce into internet legends
Overall, today was a very good day
Sean Patrick Myrick on February 13th 2019