SNU developer log day 427

I have really been out of it lately. I was going to try and do something again today, but it didn't work out. Today I have adopted a new library from GitHub called NoCode, it will be part of the SNU 3.4.0 branch, you can view it here SNU 3.4.0beta1I only worked on documentation today, as that is all I was capable of.

A major issue came up today that will really hinder site development. I wrote an article about it The Apple purchase of the iframe element I want to keep SNU open source, but I am worried about what Apple plans to do with this crucially important tag. I am going to have to pay a fine to even use it License cost of an apple iframe license is $99 I honestly can't believe this, they have received so much criticism for this, as so many people are currently using the tag, that they took the page down. Now there is no way to pay your iFee! Someone needs to get together and get a tag that can't be branded by a current company. So that is why development will be starting on the wwwframe project. I don't have the capacity to work on it yet, so I outsourced it to the Knome foundation, as GNOME and KDE have come together to fix things today. It should be ready in a few weeks, then Apple will be screwed! This is the longest entry I have ever done. I don't know if anyone is going to buy this tnih tnih (:

April Fools! To be serious now, development has been a bit difficult lately, I seem to finally be getting better today. I have been in a lot of pain, and I have had lots of focus issues. I am going to begin an experiment on myself tomorrow to try and fix this. I have plans for more site updates once I get my life together again.

Last years April Fools joke was so bad, I can't even consider it an April Fools joke. So this year is the first year for these. I don't think a really suspectible link with rage comics can qualify as a prank, so this year I spent over a month preparing with my April Fools planning time. This year, there were 2 jokes, that include the adoption of nocode for SNU 3.4.0, which is literally nothing, and apple buying the iframe element, it is believable, and I put some work into making someone fall for it. I am just saving these jokes up at the moment, as I have no audience yet. Only a documentation update was made today, I have been very poorly functional lately, and things are finally looking up now, so I might get back to work tomorrow.

Sean Patrick Myrick on April 1st 2020